-: Welcome back.
As part of this step we are going to add annotations related
to SSL in our zero four ALB ingress SSL dot yamal five.
So let's go to our visual studio code
and go into the section which is 0 8 0 4 ALB ingress SSL
and 0 1 0 2 0 3 RCM as our previous section
which is 0 8 0 3 ALB ingress context path based routing
and in ALB ingress SSL also we will change
the name of my ingress service
which is ingress SSL demo.
And we will also change the load balancer name
which is SSL ingress
and we will add additional three annotations.
So the first annotation is we are going
to add the listen ports.
So we are going to add the listen ports 4 43 and then 80.
So let's go back and see
in cube manifest and in English context, part based routing
do you see any of the listen ports related annotation?
We didn't have any listen port related annotation.
So which means by default,
port 80 listen port will get created.
So now whenever we are explicitly defining them, right?
So we defined both history, TP ATN 443
listeners here in listen ports
Why?
Because SSL listen on default 4 43.
So now the next thing is certificate ARN.
So update the certificate ARN here.
So we need to tie the SSL certificate
whatever we have created just now.
So in your case the certificate is going to
be the certificate you have created in your AWS account.
So let's come back here
and this is the certificate we have created
star.stacksimplify.com
and it's ARN is here.
So let me copy that and provide that certificate ARN.
And you can see this is SSL policy.
We really don't need to specify this
by default whatever is available
in AWS as part of today's standards.
So that will be taken automatically.
But if you want to explicitly add any specific SSL policy
so we can get that policy name and then add it here.
And if you go to the annotation reference for this
so you'll find something called SSL in the table of contents
and there you'll find the SSL related additional
annotations available here for your reference.
So we already user the certificate ARN
and we can also use the SSL policy if you want to use it.
So these two are the core things related to SSL.
But in addition to that we also use the listen ports
under SSL just for our, what we call to ensure
that all the things are at one place.
So even though that is not a SSL related annotation
but there you have have updated the SSL port.
So that's the reason we have group
of them and then put them together here
in this respective ingress service file.
So we can put it anywhere but for just to understand
that as part of this ingress SSL demo only
we added this annotation and we added this listen port.
So that will be clear for us.
So now let's go back here
and we have reviewed the ingress annotation
and we know that already is 0 1 0 2 0 3
related Kubernetes manifestor from our previous demo,
which is context part base routing.
It's part of step zero five
deploy all the manifest and them test them.
So let's go back to our terminal here
and we will enter into the section zero eight
new ELB application load balances and
inside that 0 8 0 4 which is ALB ingress SSL.
And if we verify here LS hyphen LRT and cube manifests.
So we should find the file 0 1 0 2 0 3
and then zero four which is ALB ingress SSL.
So I'll say cube CTL apply hyphen F cube benefits.
So this should create the app one app two
app three related deployments and note port services.
In addition to that, it'll also create the
ingress SSL demo related ingress service.
So let's say cube CTL get ports should list
the three ports created for us for app one
app two and then app three.
And we'll also see there note port services
cube CTL get S three C
we app one, app two
and then app three related note port services also created.
Finally, we'll also see the cube CTL get ingress.
The ingress service related to SSL demo is created now.
So let's go back here
and verify the same thing in our AWS management console.
So let's go here and go
to EC two and go back to load balances.
So let me close this and go to load balances.
And in load balances we can see SSL ingress
and some number and this DNS name we can see here same.
You'll find the here whenever you run the command
cube CTL get ingress and in the listeners
you should see both 80 and 4 43 listeners created.
So click on these rules for 80, right?
And you'll find slash app from slash app two
and we also use it here instead of root context.
If you see here, another difference is we directly
use the default back and forth app three.
So in English context, path based routing.
So we have given the option like
either you can use a default back
and or you can use this path, right?
But now what we have done here is directly
we didn't use the root context path
we just used it as a default backend.
So exploring or giving additional option
for us to use either a root context or a default backend.
So there you have used the root context.
So here you have user default back in.
So now let's you have seen the rules
for your port 80 related listener.
Also see the rules for port 4 43, right?
So the same rules will be applicable for you
for port 4 43 also slash app one slash app two
and default backend is going to be app three
and (indistinct).
And if you want to review the target groups
those are going to be same as how we have reviewed
in our INGRES context path based routing demo.
So you can see here, so all the health check pods
and everything should be app one for app front
app two for app two and
for root context it is going to be slash index dot html.
Another important thing which we need to verify here
is the certificate associated with the 4 43 listener.
So if you click on this view certificates here, right?
So it has associated the certificate name
star.stacksimplified.com and if you want to verify that
you can click on this ACM here
and it'll take us to the certificates list
and you can come back here and only the star.tax
simplified outcomes certificate is this one.
Whatever we have just now created.
So that said that for the 4 43 related listen port
we have successfully associated the SSL certificate
what we have created in our certificate manager service.
So how we have associated it, we have associated
using the let's go back here and see certificate
air and related annotation
and providing the AR and enough over certificate.
So in your case whenever you are implementing
in this ingress service
your change is going to be adding your certificate here
here rest all is going to be as is.
So now let's come back here
and we have successfully verified these things
and now another thing we need to do is
add the DNS in route 53.
So we are in the route 53 and we are
in the stack simplifi.com and create a record here
and in the record we'll go back here, right?
And we'll provide the name of our record set
as SSL demo 1 0 1 stack simplifi.com
and we'll select the LES and LES target A over ALB DNS name.
So let's come back here
and I will provide SSL demo sum number
and then record type
is a alias right?
And alias two load balancer, we should find it here.
Application R, classic load balancer and
in which region we have this in US East one region
and find the load balancer name dual stack dot
SSL English sum eight five double 9 2 1 6 0 8.
So you can find the same thing here.
If you go to load balances,
so go to EC two and go to load balancer
and you should find the DNS name here.
And in that you can see 8 5 9 2 1 6 0 8, the same thing.
Autopopulated here, dual stack dot SSL list 8 5 9 2 1 6 0 8.
So I'll click on create the record.
So now we have created a record named
SSL demo 1 0 1 stack simplify.com.
So let's come back here and first do the MS lookup test.
And after that access the URL.
Let's say NS lookup SSL demo 1 0 1 dot stack simplify.com.
So if our DNS is successful
so it should resolve to the IP addresses here.
So you can see the IP addresses some 18.233.56.149
and something like this.
Also if you want to do the endless lookup of your DNS name
of your load balancer, autogenerated one.
So you can also try that, right?
And both the values will be same.
Only thing is here you are using the custom domain
name instead of this Autogenerated name.
So are your personal domain name.
You can say, so now let me clear this and go back
to the browser and access app one, app two
app three using HTTP URL.
So let me close this, close this and close this.
And here we are accessing SSL demo one with http URL.
You can see it is not secure, right?
And now the next thing is we'll also
access the second one which is app two.
And this also with not secure with http URL
you have access it.
And one more you are going to access,
which is the app three which is the root context, right?
So this also successfully, right?
So now we'll close these things
and we'll access the SSL URLs.
So you can see here SSL
with the SSL you can see the lock symbol here.
And if you want you can go to connection
is secure here and certificate is valid.
And you can see the certificate it is using is
star.stacksimplifi.com.
It is called the wildcard certificate.
Any sub mine is accepted here.
SSL demo abc SSL demo 1 0 2 2 0 1, anything right?
So this is good.
So app one is accessible now.
So we'll go back here and access the app two now
and app two also should be successful.
And finally we'll also test the app three here
right?
And app three also accessible via SSL URL.
This completes the ingress SSL use case demo.
In our next lectures we are going to
focus on SSL redirect demo.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.